hey guys it's Ian here at the Woody's
Automotive Group and today I'm really
excited to show this brand new 2014
Dodge Journey cross road so it's bright
red in color it's completely redesigned
on the front with the new headlights the
black grille and you'll notice that it
has a chrome beam down here with the fog
lights
yeah 19-inch painted alloy wheels that
look really awesome like a dark steel
color obviously the brand new tires have
plenty of tread life left that is cute
entry with the remote start and they are
power heated mirrors the driver's seat
is powered and there are weather and
they're also with cloth mesh inserts so
very cool very comfortable great quality
leather stain resistant so very cool
it's also got a nice little storage down
there so anything you want to put down
there you don't want to leave it out in
the open when you're in the mall or the
store or anything everything your
fingertips in this vehicle when it comes
to a steering wheel so you've got your
audio control on the right hand side I
think your cruise control your cluster
control on my left hand side and your
phone options are at the front and then
volume right here on the back does have
an 8 inch touchscreen from UConnect so
that hopper is your heating and air
conditioning yeah your heated seat
options and heated steering wheel which
most journeys don't have for this
edition does has the am/fm set out radio
free for a year and they pay for that
subscription afterwards your CD player
your heated seat and steering wheel
climate controls film connection so your
bluetooth streaming audio and phone
calls your remote start options and then
all your settings right there you come
down here you got your dual climate
controls your your SD slot right there
then your CD players right there a nice
little cubby area down here two
cupholders automatic with the AutoStick
and here you got your nice little tray
right there as well as an iPod port
auxiliary port another 12 volt DC
adapter home link and then what's pretty
cool about this Dodge Journey unlike
most dodge journeys is that the second
or the front passenger seat folds down
flat so that's gonna offer plenty of
storage right off this entire vehicle
so come back to the second row it does
seat three people back here and then if
you've only got two this folds down to
your two cupholders and you've got
another 12 volt adapter this also folds
down flat and you see you've got a third
row back there which also folds not flat
so you can literally fit a kayak back
here or in this car so it's very roomy
lots of cargo room even more room up top
you have the roof rack you got the nice
rear spoiler you have the dark and
headlights in this edition so they're a
little bit darker makes it a little bit
more of appealing than most dodge
journeys you see you got your formats
right there nice little storage area
right there and once again all your
seats fold down flat for even more room
in another 12 volt adapter so if you're
in the market for an SUV with a lot of
room this one offers it so give us a
call here at woodys its eight eight
eight eight six nine zero nine six three
or visit us at wowwoodys.com thanks